Remove polaris-react/src/components/**/README.md files (#6769)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/green-trees-beam.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

> Bump storybook versions and clean up main.js

Author: ```suggestion
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

Remove all README.md files from components, migrate them to polaris.shopify.com and storybook examples
```

> Remove all README.md files from components, migrate them to polaris.shopify.com and storybook examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed `README.md` files from all components and migrated their examples into Storybook files. Their documentation has moved from `polaris-react/src/components/**/README.md` to `polaris.shopify.com/content/components/*.md`. 
```
